either more I know how to kotov how
are you going to bridge apart that's going great the
guys as usual for not having
changed and is well today we get
found for episode 4 players from
the week so here is for the purchase
resale thrown she specified brief
today I already come to you
specify that the video she is not going to be
long bath for you previous episodes
just because this week
are only seven players but waited
attention be careful do not go all of
after
this week I decided to do this
purchase resale in selection by the
selecting forgiveness of the kinds
particular once again that you
go right now
so that's seven days this week and
I decided to opt for isf players
so here I already want to clarify
that his players felt very very
very quickly compared to the old
episodes the days frankly there are
for the resale purchase it's huge and I
already want to tell you that I believe
that with these seven days I did
clearly I made more profits
that in the healthy people dpc episode
I had more than twenty players or 10.9 and
of August or frankly just with seven
players I think I did more than
twenty thousand or even packed by the 25
profit meters what so that's so
we will start without further delay for
this week
we only have to laugh because there is also see
apply to actually left the week
last last week he was
put on the air at 10250 to 10500 at home
alas this week went on sale
at 18,255
imagine you so north compared a small
little in last week and this
week if I would have put this week
again I would have done
frankly more than 8,000 credit from
benefits that here is perillaud still a
it's a day that me it works
very well so I advise you
again then we have some
cuevas and las cuevas i'm not sure how
it is pronounced cuevas breeds
frankly I did I do not do it
Spanish so
excuse me for my action and we
so let's help to launch the like
you want so it's a player eev
money and sold a lot if I
buy I believe in the ten thousand
credit is frozen resold at fourteen thousand
five hundred and fifty years and we are waiting
give shame we break up like you
lick not again so here's the
high 6th and sold very quickly
did all genres have made themselves very
quickly so here it is players
that I advise you so here is finally
1500 credit here we are quiet in
falling to a more course but was
I have huge and I did a great of on
him I think I bought them day at 15
but the few and I sold them to
25 really feel good
then we go to gaitan and donovan and finally
to me
so here are some players here that
are huge again on each
day you can do more of that
but credit or ten miles here we go
depends on the players and frankly if
you make the right choices with these
players there
these seven players frankly need and
make them good big profits what
these huge his players simply
in any case I do not know if you
find these interesting videos for
me me who offers you this video I
think for beginners of the
resale chair even to go a little
more experienced I think you
suggest the people who worked
for me
during this week I think it
can be beneficial for you but
here you can take me back
players and buy them back on sale
and the cua more easily and the story
do not want to look for which players he
you have to go buy and sell
and sometimes it does not work and everything and
all lastly point not files if you me
understand in any case tell me if these
videos please you is in any case me
it's a huge pleasure near them
wanted to propose
So here so that's it for me
people were kotov on Thursday at the
next for a next video you have
needed at school it's very important
again carry yourself well and then
that's what